fix: document HDMI problem on RPi 4 (#3441)
talos-systems/talos: website/content/docs/v0.10/Single Board Computers/rpi_4.md

Remove the SD card from your local machine and insert it into the Raspberry Pi.
Power the Raspberry Pi on, and wait at least 10 seconds.
If successful, the green LED light will blink rapidly (forever), otherwise an error pattern will be displayed.

> If an HDMI display is attached (to the port closer to the power USB-C port)
> then the screen will display green for success or red if a failure occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an HDMI display is attached to the port closest to the power/USB-C port, the screen will display green for success or red if a failure occurs.
```

Once the interactive installation is applied, the cluster will form and you can then use `kubectl`.

> Note: if you have an HDMI display attached and it shows only a rainbow splash,

> > please use the other HDMI port, the one closer to the power USB-C port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> please use the other HDMI port, the one closest to the power USB-C port.
```
